Hi within this lecture we going to see how to run our simulator in order to simulate and test our code.
And so far we didn't write any code but actually we have just added a new label over here right.
So we see the helos swift over here and we're not going to live this as it is.
We're going to change this app a little bit.
We're going to build an app but for right now I'm going to show you how to create an simulator and how
to choose one and play one.
So if you don't see any options over here you can go to ad simulated tears if you click over here you
can choose the simulators from this tab and you can choose whatever you want.
Right now I only have iPhone 8 x on X R and I can delete or rename it's in the way I want.
It doesn't matter which name I'm using because I can click on this plus bottom and I can choose whatever
form whatever i pad version what I want and I can rename those simulators and I can create new devices
as you can see for rating system version I have now.
IOW 13 if I want I can download more simulator run times and I can have more operating system versions
from here.
And in fact I don't need any of this simulators right now.
I'm good to go with AOS 13 so for example you can just create an iPhone 7 like this and when you create
these kind of devices you can choose one of them and you can run your code.
You can run your app inside one of these devices as a simulator on your Mac us.
It's very easy to do that.
You can't go over here and choose just one ad in the top option you will see something called no device
is connected to my Mac.
And if you actually connect your iPhone using a USP you can choose your own iPhone and you can test
your apps on your own iPhone.
I'm not going to do that because Apple has some kind of limitations like you can just run 10 apps per
week on your own iPhone.
If you don't have a developer account registered.
So for now we don't need that.
So not to complicate things.
I suggest you to try these apps try your apps on your simulators rather than your phone and there will
be exceptions of that obviously for augmented reality apps or for push notification tests.
You will need your iPhone or you will need a device like i pad.
I'm really going to go into all of those matters later on.
But for right now just choose one of those predefined phones predefined simulators over here like iPhone
X are and if you click on these ROM but certainly if you click on this play button.
If it will just compile your code and it will display your app for you in the simulator.
Right now we don't have any code but we have a label.
We can't see how it how our label will look like in the real iPhone X are using this simulator right.
Once you do that if you're starting for this first time it can take some time like a couple of minutes
maybe and you will see a screen like this.
So this is going to open your app.
This is going to open your phone first and then he stole the app on your phone in your simulator and
then displayed for you.
And this may take a couple of minutes.
As I said this is being a little faster for me because I have around this before and as you can see
now I can see my helos Swift's label in my phone and I can see exactly what it will look like when somebody
downloads to download this app today your iPhone X our model.
Okay so we're going to test our apps using this simulator regrouping to run some code we're going to
play this on our simulators and we will see how it will react under real circumstances.
And this is actually a phone you can use this like you can go to the Internet.
It does you can just play around with the simulator but we're just using this simulator readjust using
this phone for tax purposes.
OK but this is functioning iPhone simulator like I can go to I know I can change what they were I want
from here as well so I can close and I can open I can go back and France as in a regular form.
So this is how we create this is how we work with the simulators.
Right now I'm going to stop here and within the next lecture we're going to design our app.